ES nodes requirements not so much understandable (#26162)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-logging-deploy-cli.adoc

* Ensure that you have the necessary persistent storage for Elasticsearch. Note that each Elasticsearch node
requires its own storage volume.
+

> Elasticsearch is a memory-intensive application. By default, {product-title} installs three Elasticsearch node with memory requests and limits of 16G. This initial set of three {product-title} nodes might not have enough memory to run Elasticsearch within your cluster. If you experience memory issues related to Elasticsearch, you should add more Elasticsearch nodes rather than increasing the memory on exiting nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Elasticsearch is a memory-intensive application. By default, {product-title} installs three Elasticsearch nodes with memory requests and limits of 16 GB. This initial set of three {product-title} nodes might not have enough memory to run Elasticsearch within your cluster. If you experience memory issues that are related to Elasticsearch, add more Elasticsearch nodes to your cluster instead of increasing the memory on exiting nodes.
```
